Here is the complete and accurate transcription of the provided meeting audio based on the text segments. 

### Meeting Transcription

Live demonstration. For example, I wasn't clear doing step by step because I thought we are working with the customs declaration. You know the whole idea is first of the tool, um, like you guys are already on track doing, validate the documents we've received so if the bill of declaration reads the shipper is Nestle Ghana, the invoice should also read Nestle Ghana and so on and so forth. Then the second aspect is when the agent does this process and then comes back with the customs declaration or the bill of entry, right? We are checking to be sure the customs declaration details certain fields, you know those are the critical ones, align with the data on let's say the bill of entry or something. So for example, if you see on the customs declaration Nestle Singapore as exporter, it should be the same as what we are seeing on the bill of lading. You get, and if we also see the product, maybe Protomalt, on the customs declaration, it should be the same as we are seeing on the bill of lading. So would we still need this process 'cause I'm sure it takes time to do and then this is us generating a draft. I don't know if this process is necessary; if not, accelerate it to the discussion.

Okay, I think actually thank you so much for that context, Philip. I think that's a really, really valid point. Um, in that instance then, I think if we don't need to concern ourselves with this piece at all that's happening on the agent side, I think it was more for background information, but it seems that where we're going to really just be focused on is around that step six of the process where you've received it from the agent and we're verifying. So I think then that it just raises the question for me that when you've received it, how do you like, what's your current process look like? I think a demo of how Nestle...

Yeah. So that is what we do right. So Adelaide will share what's the name, the bill of entry. So typically we have a checklist we use to check. Have you shared the checklist with them before? So uh huh, let's start with the checklist. Right. So if you look at the screen, you see that there's shipper's address, consignee address, declarant address; all of these things you should see on the bill of entry or the customs declaration. Now we are saying if you look at for example shipper's address, if you check it against the customs declaration, if you see Nestle Singapore there, it should be the same thing you are seeing on the bill of lading. If you go to consignee address, who is it consigned to? It's consigned to Nestle Ghana. Right? In the declaration that is a field number 7, importer address. So you'd see that over there too is Nestle Ghana Limited. It's correct. You go to declarant address. That one, like you rightly mentioned, you won't see it on any document. It is the agent that's in front. So it's not, how do I put it, it's not mandatory, it can be an optional thing. You see how when you are filling forms sometimes online, there's a red asterisk showing that it's mandatory and then this is optional. This is one of those fields, that's field number 9. Because that is keyed by the agent, and all the documents we are sharing with you, those are documents at the start we give to a particular agent that you don't have an idea of. So it's that agent working on it who puts his details there. That's "oh okay agent Brendan received it and agent Brendan is working on it." So we don't have any document anywhere to show that this is agent Brendan so check against it, no. Whatever you see at field number 9 is it. Aha. So it's negligible in a particular sense, let's put it that way. PO number, Adelaide do you have PO number on it?

Okay Brendan you go ahead. So that we just take it side by side. Yeah, so one question I had. So let's say in the instance where the agent has made an error, in that case, how is that rectified? Is that edited by Nestle or is it returned to the...

Is it an error in the shipper's address or the agent's name, the declarant or something?

Uh no, it's let's say in any of the fields because the agent is manually filling in the BOE versus the shipping documents. So in a case where for example there's an error made on the agent's side and that error is caught on Nestle's side and on the part what we're focusing on from a solution perspective. What is the follow-up to that? Is it on Nestle to edit that or is it to send it back to the agent?

Yeah, yeah, so typically if the tool runs the document and highlights that for example the exporter address is captured wrong or the product description is captured wrong, right? That is successful of the tool. So based on that feedback we go back to the agent, you know, look at this again. They correct it, we check it, if it's valid then we go ahead. Because of the volumes we are importing and working with, it is not all the time feasible that one person will be sitting checking against the checklist for as many as you know 20 different documents, which is why we needed the tool. So the hope is that the tool you run the documents through, it highlights where there are issues, you go back to the agents to look at those issues, come back, check it again, it's okay then we proceed.

Okay brilliant. That's yeah that's crystal clear. Thank you so much for that. So that means we don't need to concern ourselves with a portion where edits can be made 'cause all edits or any amendments that need to be or corrections that need to be made go back to the agent. So it falls outside of the scope.

Yes Brendan, because at the end of the day even if you have a field for edit, if I edit it will just show in the tool here, it won't replicate on the customs declaration. At the end of the day we are working to validate what customs is saying that they are giving us as an assessment of our shipment we are bringing in, right? So if any detail on the customs declaration is wrong it affects us. It means we are probably going to pay more or it means we are sort of smuggling, let me put in a particular case, in case you don't use the right exporter address or something of that sort. And these are compliance risks, these are reputational risks that we cannot take as Nestle. So we need this tool to go through the document; if it's okay pass it. If it's not okay, highlight it, we go to the agent. The agent goes to work on it, gets back, we run it again, it's okay, then now we can give customs go ahead to validate. So that validation is done in their system. So usually what happens is the process that Cynthia started, right? That's the first stage, that's what the agent does. He puts in the details and then this document is generated as a draft. It's shared with us at Nestle, we go through. If everything is okay, in that system that this draft was generated, we go back and then let's say there's a button that you click to save validate. We go and click and then it validates and then we have that document to proceed with our clearance. Right? The place where the concern is, is the validation is what we want the tool mainly for. So you validate against the other documents, you see an issue you highlight it, you get. And then we pick it up and then report. I believe as time goes on, since it's a tool learning, you know we'll be side by side also learning alongside it and then if there are additions yes. But then I'm giving context so that it's easier to see where we are heading.

Brilliant yeah. Thank you so much for that context Philip.

Yeah. So we go side by side. Okay Philip has another question.

Uh can you hear me? Let's say validated if they are not in the checklist the system can overlook it? Is that the case?

Yes, because what is in the checklist is the main thing we are working with. Adelaide correct me if I'm wrong.

Okay. So yeah, I'm here now. So um just to take out from where Philip left off. So I think Philip got to product description. So you just check against the supporting documents, that's the invoice mainly for the product description. So I think what we can do to help you here is to add an extra column that says for say shipper's address you should check from this document. For consignee address. So some of them will have overlapping source documents. So for the shipper's address for instance you'd have to check against every supporting document. So you have to check what's in the bill of entry against every supporting document. Consignee same. Declarant like Philip mentioned is something you find on another document. PO most likely will be on the invoice. In fact PO is always quoted on the invoice and sometimes it's quoted on the other supporting documents. So for PO for instance you check from the invoice. Product description across all documents but most especially the invoice. HS code what will happen here is that we may have to furnish you with data that has all the HS codes we work with against the material. So for instance on this particular one I see the HS code is in section 27. So you'd have to check against this data source I'm talking about if the material description here matches the HS code description or the HS code that the agent has chosen or selected for us 'cause it's also a key area we look out for to avoid any compliance issues as Philip mentioned. Then the VAT component that we were talking about earlier is in section 30 of the BOE. So we have a number of CPC codes, that's customs processing codes, that we work with. So depending on the material the agent will select a specific customs processing code. So this is fat filled powder hence they selected 40V02. So 40V02 will give you information on the VAT component and the material as well. So it looks like we'd have to also furnish you with all the CPC codes we use as well as what to expect or which material to sort of link it to when the tool is doing the validation. Then the FOB value and currency will be picked from the invoice. Right. So you just match whatever the agent quoted here in section 15. Section 15 usually has the FOB value, that's the invoice value. Usually the invoice depending on the incoterm it may have a freight component. So that means the invoice will have an option that caters for freight. So in that case the tool is supposed to look out for the FOB, that's the invoice value against the bill of entry, the BOE. So for instance on this document if I had opened it, let me open the invoice to make it clearer. Okay. So this is the invoice I've opened here. Just move this a bit around. Okay. So the FOB value we see here is 467,775. And the currency we see is EUR. So when we check that against the bill of entry, ideally we should see the same thing. That is what the tool is supposed to look out for. So we see the same thing here 467,775. And the currency code is quoted correctly EUR so it means this passes the check. Everything has been captured correctly. Then the incoterm bit. We have it up here in section 12. Section 12 of the BOE covers the incoterm. So on the invoice, let me just go back to the invoice. So typically the incoterm has to be quoted somewhere on the invoice. But in this case we have it here under the remarks section. And it's not always in the same because we have different suppliers we work with and their invoices come in different formats. So I wouldn't say we always look out for the remarks section. I don't know how we'll be able to train the tool to know that if it sees something like FCA, CFR, CIF, EXW, etc., those are the incoterms it should look out for on the invoice. So the tool is supposed to just check against this invoice. We see shipping condition FCA. It may not, like I was saying, it may not always come up as shipping condition on other suppliers' invoices. This invoice or this format is peculiar to this particular supplier. So probably we also have to furnish you with the incoterms we work with, right, then the tool can match it against the bill of entry. So we see over here it was correctly captured FCA. Then there's another component, insurance. But that is usually not captured directly on this document unfortunately. It's captured on... So um there's another document that we receive from customs that we didn't include it in the... I think Philip dropped off. Let me just admit him. Okay. So just to take that point again. Um... the insurance component is usually not on this document. So what this portion line 13 is checking out for is the correct calculation of the insurance. But unfortunately it's not captured on this document. There's another document we receive from customs. Let me just quickly pick that in.

Um one thing I wanted to add, I think this is actually really really insightful. And I think it's highlighting to us that we're at the stage now where we need to train the solution to understand impex more and to understand all of the different terminologies and that, you know, the same thing might have different ways of being spelled out. Because at the essence of this, what our solution does right now is it is matching it by the letter, but sometimes there's a differentiation in how something is spelled or if it's a shortcut or if it might be like multiple different ways of saying something in the world of impex and those are the little nuances that we need to bring in and train it. So yeah, thank you so much for putting that point through.

Okay. So um back to business. So as I was saying this is another document that comes from customs or the agent after they do the entries in ICUMS, that's customs platform. So it just has a breakdown of the financials we see on the bill of entry eventually. So the FOB we see here in this section, as we saw on the BOE previously, is the same amount; the currency was also correctly captured. So on the insurance bit I was trying to mention, we see on the checklist that insurance CIF use insurance value on invoice. For CFR or FCA that's the incoterm CFR or FCA apply this percentage for road and sea shipment and 1% for air shipment. So basically all that is trying to say is that when you have an invoice that has CIF as the incoterm, the insurance value that we should look out for on this supporting document from customs that has the breakdown, is the insurance value on the invoice from the supplier which will have the FOB insurance and freight because the incoterm states cost insurance and freight. So what that implies is that the supplier should have quoted the insurance, how much they paid for the insurance on the invoice; they should have also quoted the freight. So basically what this section 13 of the checklist is saying is that if it's CIF, pick the insurance from the invoice and check against the BOE. Pick the freight on the invoice and check against the BOE. But when we have an incoterm that freight is not calculated or is not declared on the invoice, what happens is we have contracts with different shipping lines and there are different freight values or freight quotes. So in that case um...

You'd have to have an idea of that freight amount so what that means is that we'd probably have to, I'll have to double check with my team on this particular one. It means we may have to give you access to the contract rate for the various lanes so you know that when you are checking for shipments that come from say Antwerp on MSC and it's a 20-footer... That's, you get all these details from the bill of lading. If the tool is checking for all these, it has to pick the contract rate from the freight contracts we have with the various shipping lines. But I'll have to double check with the team on that so it looks like we may have to come back to the conversation on the customs insurance and freight 'cause it'll be a bit more technical and you may need a lot of documents to support. I'll just have to double check with the team on that. Right. So I think that covers also for the freight bit. The gross and net weight usually you... in Philip's demonstration earlier the tool was able to pick it from the bill of entry and then the packing list. So this tool is supposed to check that value, the gross weight and then the net weight of the consignment against what the agent has declared in customs system if it's accurate. Also the origin of goods usually you'd see it on the bill of lading. Let me open...

Sorry, in the meantime um I'm thinking Adelaide, I'm thinking what we can do is this. For let's say PO number, just right beside it, point it to the document where they will find that PO number. They will see it on PL, BOE, product description they will find it on... so that it's easier for the tool to pick.

We will have to make provision for other columns so they know which document to pick what from. Right. So we'll just make provision for that. Um, so just to wrap up, the quantity of goods is same as cargo gross and net weight, you pick it from the packing list. And basically that covers it.

Okay. Sharon is your hand still up or was that from the last question?

Oh sorry. Yeah so um for the product description if the shipment has more than one type of product should it be like a summary of it or each of them should be listed out? 'Cause I think the invoice lists as you see.

Yes please. So if it's 5 lines list all the 5 lines. Because sometimes we have multiple things we are buying but we are shipping in the same container. Sometimes you can have a container, for example if it was an export case you can have a container where we are shipping Cerelac and then let's say milk. We don't do that though but I'm just giving an example. And then on the BL you would have listed Cerelac and milk. When you are declaring you want to still keep it intact. If for example we are receiving spare parts. Sometimes the spare parts let's say we are importing a laptop. Right? You know you would have the laptop let's say it has its accessories and all those things. In declaring we usually list it the same. Aha. So if you omit one the assumption from customs' end is that you are smuggling the others in. So we list every line, we state every line's weight, you know. Aha. So at the end of the day you see that on the packing list there's an individual one stated but then there's also the consolidated bit. So that it gives you the total. So if let's say product 1 is a laptop, the weight is 10 kilogram, product 2 mouse, weight is 2 kilogram, product 3... at the end of the day you'll see on the packing list there's a total weight which is let's say 15 kilogram. Like Adelaide was saying you'll find it on the packing list and all that. Yes.

Is there any more? I just want to be sure if it's clear so that now we know, I mean it's easier to work with something. And if there's still any requirements you need from our end, I mean myself and Adelaide are always available to output.

Okay sorry before you go Adelaide I think when Philip was presenting he spoke about whenever it checks it there's an ID that's generated. Yeah I wanted to find out the ID what form does it take like how I saw some unique numbers which how do you come about that so that at the end of the day if I go back into the system looking for a particular document I want to know how to be able to find what I'm looking for.

Yeah exactly...