Feb 4, 2026
Nestle <> Aya Data - Transcript
00:00:00
 
Brendon Gonouya: Good morning guys or morning Philip.
Maxwell Mawube Ahiamadzor: and decided.
Brendon Gonouya: Good, good, good. Thank you. Uh let's all just make sure we don't have too much background noise. Um, as this meeting goes, uh, I'm going to let, um, the Nestle team in now. Hi, Justice. How are you? Good morning. Uh, I'm not sure if you're speaking Justice, but we're not able to hear you. Oh, no problem. Good morning everyone. Uh Justice, I'm not sure if you're if you're back yet. You able to hear us all? Okay, brilliant. Um Okay, amazing. Let's kick straight off. Um, uh, great to see everyone. I believe it's a it's a happy new year, uh, to all of us since we haven't talked, uh, since last year. Uh, but really, uh, happy to be able to, uh, kick up, um, uh, progress and traction on this again. Um, we will jump straight in. Um in terms of uh for for this meeting one of the you know we we just want to get a few key questions especially now that the the uh NDA has been has been executed uh we've signed it and just waiting on the counter signature from uh Nest side.
 
 
00:04:40
 
Brendon Gonouya: Um I think to dive straight in, we have a question around the workflow um in the sense has the workflow changed in any uh shape or form since we since we last talked as that would be highly relevant to uh the the uh demo of a solution that we can uh get created for you. I'm not sure if anyone is speaking on the Nestle side. We're not able to to hear
Abdulrahman Isah: I think we can we can hear
Brendon Gonouya: anyone.
Abdulrahman Isah: you.
Brendon Gonouya: Sorry, Abdul Rama. Uh did you say you can't hear me?
Abdulrahman Isah: Yeah, we can hear you. We can hear
Brendon Gonouya: Oh, you can hear me. Okay,
Abdulrahman Isah: you.
Brendon Gonouya: brilliant. Uh ju just Yeah, the question around there right now is um has the workflow changed in any shape or form that we need to consider?
Abdulrahman Isah: I'm not sure but um Philip can confirm that. Philip, is the workload still the same? Is the structure and process still the same or there's a bit of um changes?
 
 
00:06:06
 
Nyameye Asare: Nothing has changed.
Abdulrahman Isah: This
Brendon Gonouya: Okay. Okay. Um, and with that as well, just just to to ensure that we, you know, we're working with the uh with the right uh information and assumptions, would you be able to quickly just give us a um a brief run through uh those steps um just so we can also uh validate that what we what we're working off is also correct.
Nyameye Asare: Brennos, can you take a game,
Brendon Gonouya: Uh sorry I was just saying um just in the context that we haven't spoken in quite a bit uh would you be able to give us a brief um you know a topline run through of uh how your workflow is just so that we can validate that the uh information we're working off in terms of creating a a demo of a solution for you guys is accurate. And then later in this meeting we'll show you just some of what we've been working on uh in the background.
Nyameye Asare: Okay, that's fine.
Brendon Gonouya: Uh again just going to say I'm not not uh sure if anyone on the Nestle side is speaking but we're not able to hear anyone.
 
 
00:07:57
 
Nyameye Asare: Yeah, a minute. I'm sharing my screen then I threw a
Brendon Gonouya: Okay. Thank
Nyameye Asare: break. Please confirm when you see
Brendon Gonouya: you.
Nyameye Asare: it.
Brendon Gonouya: It's just loading on my side. Okay, perfect. There we go.
Nyameye Asare: Okay. Um so basically with the import process we begin uh by receiving what we call pre-alert or scan copies of documents for clearing right once we receive these we have to vet them go through check if there are any mistakes if there's none we then uh are able to validate and then uh transmit it to the preferred agent to proceed with the clearance process right now with regards to the clearance process what the agent does is they um in the ICOM system, input the necessary data for customs and the the regulatory authorities for them to um validate, assess and all that. And then they share with us a draft uh declaration, customs declaration which we go through against our checklist or against certain um let's say things we are checking to be sure that the information they have put on it, you know, is accurate.
 
 
00:09:19
 
Nyameye Asare: Now once we check and everything is okay then we can proceed to um confirm for them to validate with customs. So what happens is after we've transmitted the documents to them they go through after we transmit to them they go through and then they um what's the name also process it with customs and then send us a draft. We go through the draft. So that was one of the areas where we wanted to automate because some of the checks are quite you know um similar fields you are looking at. You're just checking to be sure this tallies and all that. So if we could get a a tool to do that basically. So once the checks are done and it's confirmed that we are good to go. We give them that feedback. they revert with the tax bill or the duty amount we are supposed to pay and then we process that here in finance and then have it paid and then proceed with the delivery of the order. So I don't know if this is the the overview you have but basically this is it in a nutshell.
 
 
00:10:27
 
Brendon Gonouya: Okay, brilliant. Uh yeah, that's uh uh great to see that. Um that's uh that's what we're working from as well. Um and I think this is a a good moment for us to um you know, we've been we've been working in the background just with uh with the limited uh information that we we had and also just uh creating our own mock documents to uh to see what a solution could start to look like. Um uh I'll in a minute I'll ask Philip to uh just present the what we have at the moment. Uh but just with a important caveat that um what we have is more centered around a capability uh that you've uh spoken to there uh and it is created with uh dummy documents. So they will not uh exactly match what uh what are what's involved in this process until we can obtain uh that data from you. But it would be brilliant as well if you're able to share with us uh the slide um you just walked through there. Um so with that uh Philip uh could you uh could you just walk through that uh brief uh demo you have around um data extraction um storage validation and generation.
 
 
00:11:57
 
Brendon Gonouya: Uh Philip if you're speaking we are not able to hear you.
Philip Afriyie: All right. Sorry about that. Good morning everyone. So yeah, I'll just quickly jump into it to show you. Um, please let me know if my screen is accessible.
Brendon Gonouya: Yeah, I can see your
Justice Doku: Yeah.
Brendon Gonouya: screen.
Philip Afriyie: Um so um you start off by um uploading a document could be PDF, could be a scan document or anyone. So um you so these are documents that we um we generated with the with the web. So they're just um mock documents with dummy data. So, so you select a file, you upload it and then um the OCR system does um its extraction and then um from the extraction you are able to so this this what um the OCR has extracted you able to edit the fields and make the necessary changes if something is wrong or if um it didn't get something right. Right. And then this is the original document that I uploaded just now.
 
 
00:13:33
 
Philip Afriyie: So you can see the original document and then compare it against um what was extracted by the OCR. This is what um the OCR extracted and this is what is in the original document. Right? So um and then also if you want to check um we added an extra layer to check um the confidence levels right so um you can see here there's 100% here there's 68% but um the model is trying to tell you to take a look at this plate because even though it is sure that it got it it's only 68% sure and one thing that we realized is that most of times it's it's more accurate than the rating that um it's it's given. So um you use it at um based on your own um what do you call it? Um judgment. Yeah. So um the is able to get all this. If you if you want to change something or the model didn't get anything right, you can just edit it and then when you are done you just save it um to the database, right?
 
 
00:14:49
 
Philip Afriyie: So once it's done saving um let's say you want to generate um uh bill of entry um based on the workflow that we talked about last last time. So you have supporting documents could be shipping up air manifest could be um invoices receipts and other stuff that you want to generate a document from. Since we've already uploaded all these documents um to the database via the OCR, you just come to this tab and then select the number of documents that you want to um generate and then once you are done you choose a template. So these templates are something that we are playing with. Um it has um a fillable bit of entry structure. So something like this. So if I click generate here I would have this um I hope let me let me
Brendon Gonouya: I
Philip Afriyie: share this tab instead.
Brendon Gonouya: am.
Philip Afriyie: Can you see this screen? Yeah.
Nyameye Asare: Europeans.
Justice Doku: Yes,
Philip Afriyie: So if you click you have something like this.
Brendon Gonouya: Yeah.
Justice Doku: we're gone.
 
 
00:15:53
 
Philip Afriyie: Um this is a PDF that um the agent has filled based on the data that it has. Right. So from here you are able to um to check and then verify and then you can straightly um or directly send it to whomever you need to send it to. So yeah that's that's um about the the wrap of the the demo that we wanted to show you guys. We are we are open to any um modifications, any suggestions and all that. Yeah, like I said, we we were working with limited information, so this what we could do with the information that we had. So, yeah, thank you very much.
Brendon Gonouya: And just to add to um to what Philip has just shown there as as I'd um as I'd mentioned like this is uh right now a capability uh it's centered around optical character recognition uh which will give the the uh which will enable that comparison across documents which for uh you know which is which can be timeconuming for a person and that you'll be able to compare the accuracy across multiple documents as well as if needed to generate uh and populate uh documents that is also built into that.
 
 
00:17:15
 
Brendon Gonouya: So just on on that right now um you know uh what what we I think at this stage want to ask you guys is do you feel right now this is along the lines of a solution that you would require? Uh, of course we we're going to get additional documents uh from you now to be able to make it more hyper specific and hyper relevant to um to your your use case.
Philip Afriyie: Yeah. Um, sorry, there was there was one other thing I wanted to show. I I forgot to um demo the the written um document. So, you can also select um a written document, right, that you scanned with with um the handwriting. and then also um see how well it does. This this works best for receipts and other stuff. So um I just selected an image with with a written document. I'll show you the original image on the platform. Then I'll show you what it's um extracted so that you can you can do the the comparison. So let's give it a minute.
 
 
00:18:24
 
Philip Afriyie: Yeah, it's done now. So this is this is the original document. Sorry, my laptop is a bit slow, so forgive me for that. Okay, so this is the original document. You can see this is what I uploaded um to the OCR. Now, this this is the mediator that we're playing with. So, um and this is the result that came out from it. So, like I said, you can still make um edits. You can still make changes if you feel like um an information wasn't right before you saved to um the database. So, all right. Um that's about it. Uh thank you.
Brendon Gonouya: I think just just to reiterate this is uh dummy data that uh was was randomly generated um uh in in what you've seen. So um hi uh say I see your your hand up.
Justice Doku: Hi Kley, you guys speak I
Sey Kaf: Hello, can I be here?
Brendon Gonouya: Yeah, we can hear you now.
Sey Kaf: Okay, can you please share your screen again and go to the declaration form or the BOE form?
 
 
00:19:57
 
Sey Kaf: Just want to understand something from that page. Okay, great. So um the solution is to check this very document against the various document that were used to generate this document. Um from what I'm seeing um this is not a typical DOE interface is it that um it has checked from the various document and it's matching against what has um captured on this document which is why we are seeing it this way. I don't know if my question is clear.
Justice Doku: cuz I think Maxwell's hand is up
Brendon Gonouya: Max, go ahead.
Maxwell Mawube Ahiamadzor: Yeah, I just wanted to add that what we tried to show was um our agent's capability in extracting information from forms and documents. So even though for a given view like this, we'll have to run it against um make sure that everything in there is captured right. Um we just want to show um how our um agents could be able to extract you know information whether handwritten or whether it's in the form to be able to validate against the um information in the BOE.
 
 
00:21:28
 
Maxwell Mawube Ahiamadzor: I don't know if that answers your question or Philip if you want.
Brendon Gonouya: Yes.
Sey Kaf: So in the in the validation so sorry um for instance if I look at uh section two the very top left exporter address so if I have let's say IB tech international company limited which is what I'm expecting and let's say in capturing we have ID BTE International Company without a limited is it going to flag that point as an area to be looked at.
Philip Afriyie: Take the question again.
Sey Kaf: So my question is that if I take the first column top left exporter and address where we have IB tech international company I don't know if you if you are seeing that
Philip Afriyie: Yeah.
Sey Kaf: so if I expect to see the full name as it's showing now but in the so on the on the document that I received is showing IBT international limited. But when the agent shared with me this document for me to verify, I realized that the limited was omitted. So when I uploaded into your agent and the validation was done, is it going to flag that area as an area to be looked because it did not match what we have on the original document?
 
 
00:23:07
 
Philip Afriyie: Yeah.
Sey Kaf: Is that how this Sorry,
Brendon Gonouya: Yes, if I can chime in. If I can chime in here. Um, yes. So,
Sey Kaf: please.
Brendon Gonouya: it would flag it would flag any discrepancies. Um, of course, uh, we can we can add a greater deal of uh of customization in terms of what degree of discrepancies are flagged or not. right now uh it would be it would be set to like any differences in as you have uh rightfully mentioned there the if you have a document that says limited in in full versus LTD that would be flagged as a discrepancy but that fine-tuning is something we can do as per as per your specifications
Sey Kaf: Sorry. Can you explain? Okay, it's clear. Okay. I don't know.
Nyameye Asare: al have a question.
Brendon Gonouya: Uh, yes. Go ahead.
Nyameye Asare: Um so in a nutshell what I think I gather from the tool you have created so far it's it's able to help us generate a document right but um as as much as that works we are looking more at a tool that helps us um likely was saying validate certain fields on the BOE against documents that will be uploaded together with it.
 
 
00:24:35
 
Nyameye Asare: I don't know if that that is okay.
Justice Doku: No. Yeah. So I think um Philillip and your your submission is directly what you are saying but this my suggestion you know earlier they were asking for a sample of your document. I'm not sure we sent it because of the NDA. Now they've signed the ND. So I'll suggest we can have share the document with them and have a demo with them as they are doing it so that we can at least know how it will work with our document.
Nyameye Asare: Okay.
Justice Doku: I think that will be our best shot for us to test the system.
Nyameye Asare: Okay. Okay. That's fine.
Justice Doku: Yeah.
Nyameye Asare: Okay.
Brendon Gonouya: Exactly. Um uh thank you for that Justice. Um that that is the the next step we want to take here in that you know when we look at a from a workflow perspective here uh the capability is to be able to upload documents um let's say documents rel uh one shipment has for example three documents uh attached to it.
 
 
00:25:33
 
Brendon Gonouya: uh we can upload all of those. We can extract all of the information from those documents and it can sit in a database. And from there we now have the capability to compare the three documents uh we also have the cap capability to after comparing and validating that the information uh extracted is correct which will be a human in the loop to um element to it uh from a risk reduction uh point of view. Then we're able to say if there's other documents you need to generate or populate related to that shipment. All of the data is stored in the database. It's been QA. It's it's 100% uh correct and validated and then it can be automatically um pulled into relevant fields as required. So that's um you know I think this generation uh part at this moment seems like a maybe a further next step that um if you'll have to correct me if if I'm wrong here you're you're mainly right now focused on the validation and cross referencing of documents to ensure 100% uh accuracy uh across all which was the uh the the initial uh the initial you know problem case you you've you've uh brought to Okay, brilliant to see that thumbs up.
 
 
00:27:01
 
Brendon Gonouya: Um, so I think you know in uh just before I move on to next steps, is there any other questions?
Nyameye Asare: from my side for
Brendon Gonouya: Um, I think the the next uh Go
Justice Doku: So I think I think my my question will be in relation to if we send a
Brendon Gonouya: ahead.
Justice Doku: document let's say today when can we have the demo with your team any
Brendon Gonouya: Mhm.
Justice Doku: timelines in
Brendon Gonouya: Um I can if you send the documents today um you know I believe we can have it um maybe Monday next week but uh just uh let me come back via email to confirm that uh but we our turnaround time will be will be quite fast uh because at the moment we've been you know we've been working with uh documents that we're generating ourselves and um and trying to achieve um a degree of accuracy which is which is difficult to do when we don't have the uh the accurate inputs. So, if you're able to to if we can pick this up in email and we can come back to you with a date that we can commit to.
 
 
00:28:14
 
Justice Doku: Okay. Okay. So, uh Okay.
Nyameye Asare: Sorry. I also wanted to know the sample size for the documents so that we know like as how many documents would be sufficient for the test.
Maxwell Mawube Ahiamadzor: question. I think from 100 we um saw that you said you could um use about five to 10 documents for a particular BOE. So I mean if we could get something like that or probably with maybe two DOE and their corresponding documents um that will also be um that would be good.
Nyameye Asare: Okay. Okay. All right.
Philip Afriyie: And I I I have um one um question to ask. Um do you have um fillable forms like um templates where um the PDFs are fillable?
Nyameye Asare: No, no. The the PDFs are not filable.
Philip Afriyie: Okay, sure.
Nyameye Asare: Yeah.
Brendon Gonouya: I I think to that effect uh at the moment we we'll focus on the on the validation of documents and then the generation um of uh of documents and populating fields on documents I think at this moment uh doesn't need to to be included in the scope so to speak.
 
 
00:29:33
 
Brendon Gonouya: Um just uh again correct me if I'm wrong on that on the on the Nestle side.
Justice Doku: Okay.
Brendon Gonouya: Okay. So,
Justice Doku: I think Philip after the call maybe can send a document to I will
Brendon Gonouya: um
Justice Doku: take you from there.
Nyameye Asare: Yeah. Okay.
Brendon Gonouya: yes, please. And also just with uh with uh could you when sending those documents, could you also send the that outline of that workflow uh because we want to ensure that um you know that this demo we're we're creating can um it can showcase how it will integrate into your existing workflow. So we just want to make sure that we have a good granular level of detail uh with regards to that workflow.
Nyameye Asare: Okay.
Brendon Gonouya: Uh Philip Maxel, go ahead.
Maxwell Mawube Ahiamadzor: I have uh quite an act but um I don't know I feel like that workflow you showed um was a bit high level um but then if you have a lowle explanation of the um steps you go through when it comes to validating key things you look out for if you have that kind of workflow too you can add
 
 
00:30:57
 
Nyameye Asare: So we we'll redesign a scope um fit for this particular project in addition to the documents we'll share with you. I hope that will suffice.
Brendon Gonouya: Yes, that would be brilliant to have the stepbystep um uh workflow that currently exists uh just so that we we ensure that uh it's uh what we're doing is highly relevant uh and can integrate with uh with a great degree of ease into your workflow.
Philip Afriyie: Yeah, to add more context to what Maxwell said, um you know the system better, you know the processes better. So if we are able to get um a deeper understanding into your exact workflows, then we can design the agent to perform it accurately. Yeah.
Brendon Gonouya: Okay, brilliant. So, uh, Maxwell Phillip, um, in in terms of the from a technical standpoint, um, those are all the requirements we we require. Is is there anything is there anything else that you want to flag on your side?
Maxwell Mawube Ahiamadzor: Yeah, I think we have the documents.
Brendon Gonouya: Okay, brilliant. Um, I think that is uh that that is all at this moment. Any last questions from uh from the Nestle side, guys?
Nyameye Asare: I think that'll be it for us also.
Brendon Gonouya: Brilliant, brilliant. Um, and yeah, looking look very much looking forward to receiving these documents. uh and we will provide uh our timeline for getting a a uh demo out to you
Nyameye Asare: Sure.
Brendon Gonouya: uh from the point of uh receiving uh the documents. And uh very excited to to see what we can create uh and that and the value that it can bring to you in terms of um increasing that accuracy and reducing um reducing the the manual labor that's going into this process at the moment.
Nyameye Asare: All right. Thank you too.
 
 
Transcription ended after 00:49:43


This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.